# Mini_ex_3
![ScreenShot] (https://github.com/IdaBrauner/Mini_ex_3/blob/master/Wheel.jpg)

https://rawgit.com/IdaBrauner/Mini_ex_3/master/mini_Ex_3/empty-example/index.html
For this mini_ex we had to make a throbber and think about temporality in digital culture. I class and in the text that we've read, we discussed the waiting time there is, when you're using software and how that time is considered "wasted". However the waiting time can also give the user an impression that the work is being done more thourough than if there was no waiting time.
When I had to come up for an idea for a throbber, I thought of other times where you also have to wait, like in a theme park or at the Tivoli, and people are willing to wait for the chance of experiencing some fun at the end, though the waiting can be too long as well. So I designed a ferris wheel, which to some people can be connected to fun. So the idea was, that even though people had to wait for the page to load, they would both have something fun to look at in the meantime, and that the ferris wheel would create some sort of excitement or expectation that there is about to happen something interesting when the page is done loading, due to the connotations people would have to the ferris wheel. The throbber would therefore be best suited for a website for entertainment, like youtube or Netflix, rather than something more boring, like netbanking or paying bills. 
The throbber is in the ferris wheel and in the way it circulates. The changing colors of the ellipses creates an illusion of flickering lights, which enhances the idea of a ferris wheel. However, I also thought about making the ellipses change color gradually, so it could go from red and then gradually to orange and then yellow, so that the ferris wheel would look more like a classic throbber as we know it from youtube. However I didn't know exactly how to do this and still have the ferris wheel circulating, and I also liked the "flickering" effect, so I went with the flickering lights instead. 

For this mini_ex I also used the push() and pop() effect, which I discovered wasn't nearly as complicated as I had first thought it to be. For this exercise I also learned the value of coding with my other peers, since it can be far more educational for me to discuss some of the functions and syntaxes that we have learned in a more casual setting and it is a good help to discuss your work with your peers if you feel stuck.

For next time I will also be better at making notes in the code about what the different functions do. 
